Hello and welcome to Unit testing for unity.
Here we're going to be talking about artificial intelligence and how it can be used for production code
and for unit testing code.
AI is an especially hot topic, and as game developers, we're interested in how AI can help us build
projects and be used at runtime for our projects.
In this section, I'll give a brief introduction to the topic.
Then look at the specific subtopics of AI for production code and treat that separately.
Then AI for writing your unit tests about your production code.
There's also an opportunity for more topics and expanding after that.
AI has been a part of game development since the beginning of game dev itself.
In the last year or so, we've seen an explosive growth in the topic in pop culture, social media,
as well as in the game dev community itself.
There's an awesome website that I like to check out called.
There's an AI for that link below, and you can see how AI can enable all sorts of different industries,
including game dev.
As with all things software, game dev will be forever changed as this AI technology grows.
Game developers who embrace this technology and are able to use the tools well will continue to compete
in the workplace.
Let's read here.
A game developer is responsible for creating and designing video games for various platforms.
They work closely with different disciplines game developers using programming language and software
to create engaging and interactive experiences for their players.
Now in all of this, we can use AI.
Let's see how incorporating AI into unity game development in particular, can streamline development
and testing.
Some of the benefits include content generation, assist in creating the assets such as the textures
and models, and speeding up the asset creation process overall.
There's cogeneration as well, analyzing, suggesting designs for new systems.
Optimizing, making your systems more efficient leads to better performance in your gameplay and reduce
development time.
And also of particular interest to this topic is automated testing.
I can rapidly identify and fix the bugs, and also reduce the time it takes to create those unit tests.
One of the amazing tools we've seen is OpenAI's ChatGPT.
This feels like a text chat conversation with a friend, except it's an AI.
You text chat, you get a response, and you can iterate on that conversation.
The AI knows about all aspects of game development marketing, your game, coming up with game ideas,
and more.
When you're having that text conversation with the ChatGPT, you're giving it prompts or instructions,
and there's lots of different cheat sheets like what we see here for how to make effective prompts.
You might want to start the conversation by saying act like a unity game development expert.
Tell me about this or that in C-sharp.
That allows the AI to know how to best explain it.
Another fantastic tool is GitHub's copilot.
This is trained specifically on programming language material, and it knows everything about C-sharp
and Unity that you'd want to know.
Also, code editors that you use to type the code instructions into unity know about the specific context
of the class that you're sitting in, so it can answer not just theoretical questions, but what would
the next line of this page look like?
And then it can fill out more of your code page to learn more about unit testing for unity.
You can check out this great course link below, and this video will also be part of the course itself,
with expanded chapters beyond this video itself.
In the course we look at why unit testing is amazing tool, why it is going to help your game development,
why it's a fantastic career building tool specifically for people in the mid to late phase of their
career.
Really giving you a way to compete in the workplace.
Now, in the game development community, we have a variety of different peoples with different goals.
Some are hobbyists just looking to have fun and be creative on nights and weekends.
Others want to make a career out of it, or get a group of friends together and create a real project
for moneymaking, really, across all those different user profiles.
Adding unit testing into your workflow is fantastic, and being able to take advantage of AI to help
you along with that process is a time saver.
It's a great learning tool and it will make you a more competitive coworker in your industry in the
course.
In the next videos, we'll take a look exactly how this works inside the unity editor using the AI tools.
Thanks.